Hub freshness (#17893)
docker/docs: docker-hub/download-rate-limit.md

---

> description: Learn how download rate limits work
> keywords: Docker, pull requests, download, limit,
> title: Download rate limit

Reviewer: How about adding some more product context in the metadata for this page? Just a tought.

```suggestion
description: Learn how download rate limits for image pulls on Docker Hub works
keywords: Docker Hub, pulls, download, limit
title: Docker Hub rate limit
```

Author: Updating!
